# Conversion Tool LaTeX to QTI

To Compile: g++ conversion.cpp

To Run Output: ./a.out -V demo.tex   (-V is for verbose output. More -VV through -VVVVV give increasing levels of verbosity)

Will It Work: If you want to write your own questions, you should first LaTeX compile your .tex file to check for errors. If it doesn't
LaTeX properly, then it won't convert properly, either. The conversion process gives rudimentary error information but it's not
especially detailed in that regard and I don't guarantee that it won't crash if your file has LaTeX syntax errors. As of this version, there is no implemented import for questions with images.

What You'll Get: Files imsmanifest.xml and autogenerated.xml will be written. Assuming you have tar installed (if not, you'll need
to adjust the appropriate line in main inside conversion.cpp), a third file, canvasautogenbank.zip , will be generated.

How to Import to Canvas: Inside your course, Navigate to "Settings" in the left menu bar and then to "Import Course Content" on the
right menu bar (which also appears at the bottom of the page if your screen isn't wide enough).  Choose

* Content Type: "QTI .zip file"
* Source: Select canvasautogenbank.zip
* Default Question Bank: "-- Create new question bank --"
* Question bank name: type something different than any bank you already have. It turns out Canvas will ignore whatever you put here
  but I recall once having had an issue leaving it blank
* Now click "Import" and wait for the import to finish.

How to Get Imported Questions: (Note: All instructions are for old quizzes ca. summer 2019) 
* Navigate to Quizzes on left-hand bar
* Click on the three dots button next to the +Quiz button near the top of the page
* Select "Manage Question Banks"
* When the page loads, your imported banks will be among those listed if your conversion succeeded.




